feat(doc): add overview content to bao-classic config documentation (#66)
bao-project/bao-docs: source/bao_hyp/config.rst

    struct config config = {

        // Shared memory region configuration
        .shmemlist_size = N,
        .shmemlist = (struct shmem[]) {
            [0] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            [1] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            ...
            [N] = {/*shared memory config*/,}
        },

        // Guests Configuration
        .vmlist_size = NUM_VMs,
        .vmlist = {
            { /* VM 0 Config*/},
            { /* VM 1 Config*/},
            ...
            { /* VM N Config*/},
        }
    };

Before the configuration itself, it is necessary to declare the VM images using
the ``VM_IMAGE`` macro. This macro directly embeds the guest binary file into
the hypervisor image. Here's an example usage of the ``VM_IMAGE``:

.. code-block:: c

  VM_IMAGE(img_name, "/path/to/VM/binary.bin");

The ``VM_IMAGE`` macro has two parameters:

1. The ``img_name``, an unique identifier associated with the image that will
   later be used to describe the image running on the VM (see `Guest Image`_);

2. A C string with the guest image's binary file path. It can be either an
   absolute path or a path relative to the config source file.

> The configuration takes the form of a C struct (``struct config``) defining
> name ``config``. This struct containing two distinct lists: (i) a list of

Reviewer: The english here is a bit weird.

```suggestion
The configuration takes the form of a C struct (``struct config``) global variable
named ``config``. This struct contains two distinct lists: (i) a list of
```

Author: Applied, thanks!

shared memory regions (``shmemlist``) and (ii) a list of VMs (``vmlist``).
While the list of shared memory regions is optional and may be omitted from the
configuration, the list of VMs is mandatory and must include at least 1 VM.
Additionally, for each list, it is necessary to specify the list size using the
parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``.

> Building Bao Hypervisor

Reviewer: I would move this section more towards the end of the document. Because we start talking about the configuration structure in the previous section, this feels like changing the subject a bit. We should continua with details of the configuration and then, in the end, talk about the location of the configuration file. Also, for this reason, I would change the name of this section to something like: "Configuration File Placement/Location" or something to do with "Configuration repositories"...

-----------------------
The configuration files for the Bao hypervisor are stored in a designated

> folder known as the configuration repository - ``CONFIG_REPO``. By default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder known as the configuration repository , identified by the make variable ``CONFIG_REPO``. By default,
```

the ``CONFIG_REPO`` is set to the ``configs`` folder located in the top-level
directory of the Bao hypervisor. However, users have the flexibility to specify

> a different folder by using the ``CONFIG_REPO`` option in the make command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a different folder by setting the ``CONFIG_REPO`` option in the make command
```

> during the hypervisor building process. For instance, the build command of Bao
> follows the nomenclature presented below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
during the hypervisor building process. For instance, a typical build command for Bao
would be:
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

.. code-block:: console

    make -C /path/to/bao-dir\
        PLATFORM=target-platform\
        CONFIG_REPO=/path/to/config\

>         CONFIG=config-name\

Reviewer: I would remove the `-C directory..`. It just complicates the illustration.

Author: Agree! Removed that part, thanks!

> Considering a configuration named ``config-name``, the configuration naming can
> be provided in two formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering a configuration named ``config-name``, the configuration source 
file can be located in the `CONFIG_REPO` directory in two formats:
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

> **1. Single C Source File**: Save the configuration as a C source file with the
> name ``config-name.c``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Single C Source File**: a C source file with the name ``config-name.c``.
```

Author: Applied, thanks!

> **2. Directory Format:**: Alternatively, you can organize it as a directory
> named ``config-name`` and place the C source file within, naming it
> ``config.c``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Directory Format:**:  a directory named ``config-name``  with a single 
``config.c`` file within it.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

In both cases, the build system will search for the configuration in the
specified ``CONFIG_REPO`` using the defined naming convention. This allows
users to seamlessly integrate their custom configurations into the Bao

> hypervisor build process.

Reviewer: I don't think this part is necessary. Maybe put this idea at the beginning of this paragraph:

"For a configuration named ``config-name``, the build system will search for it in the `CONFIG_REGPO`
directory in two formats:"

Author: Agree, the idea is already conveyed previously in fact. Thanks!

> .. warning::

Reviewer: This warning seems misplaced. Shouldn't it be at the end of the previous section?

    Inconsistencies between the specified list sizes (``shmemlist_size`` and

>     ``vmlist_size``, respectively) and the actual sizes of the lists, may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``vmlist_size``) and the actual sizes of their respective lists, may
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

Overview
--------

> The Bao hypervisor's configuration is managed through a dedicated configuration
> in the form of a C source file. This section provides an in-depth
> description of the various configuration options available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bao hypervisor's configuration is managed through a dedicated configuration
in the form of a C source file. This section provides an in-depth description
of the various configuration options available.
```

The configuration file follows a specific structure, as outlined below:

.. code-block:: c

    #include <config.h>

    // Load guests' image
    VM_IMAGE(img1_name, "/path/to/vm1/binary.bin");
    VM_IMAGE(img2_name, "/path/to/vm2/binary.bin");

    struct config config = {

        // Shared memory region configuration
        .shmemlist_size = N,
        .shmemlist = (struct shmem[]) {
            [0] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            [1] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            ...
            [N] = {/*shared memory config*/,}
        },

        // Guests Configuration
        .vmlist_size = NUM_VMs,
        .vmlist = {
            { /* VM 0 Config*/},
            { /* VM 1 Config*/},
            ...
            { /* VM N Config*/},
        }
    };

> Before the configuration itself, it is necessary to declare the VM
> images using the ``VM_IMAGE`` macro. This macro directly embeds the guest
> binary file into the hypervisor image. Here's an example usage of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before the configuration itself, it is necessary to declare the VM images using
the ``VM_IMAGE`` macro. This macro directly embeds the guest binary file into
the hypervisor image. Here's an example usage of the ``VM_IMAGE``:
```

> the hypervisor image. Here's an example usage of the
> ``VM_IMAGE``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the hypervisor image. Here's an example usage of the ``VM_IMAGE``:
```

Author: Thank you for the review, fixed in https://github.com/bao-project/bao-docs/pull/66/commits/ee5f294a10862f86a68f08fb621c927ba914c069.

.. code-block:: c

  VM_IMAGE(img_name, "/path/to/VM/binary.bin");

The ``VM_IMAGE`` macro has two parameters:

    1. The ``img_name``, an unique identifier associated with the image that
    will later be used to describe the image running on the VM (see
    `Guest Image`_);

>     2. A C string with the guest image's binary file path. It can be \

Reviewer 2: why the `\` backslash ?

>     1. The ``img_name``, an unique identifier associated with the image that
>     will later be used to describe the image running on the VM (see
>     `Guest Image`_);
> 
>     2. A C string with the guest image's binary file path. It can be either an
>     absolute path or a path relative to the config source file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The ``img_name``, an unique identifier associated with the image that will
   later be used to describe the image running on the VM (see `Guest Image`_);

2. A C string with the guest image's binary file path. It can be either an
   absolute path or a path relative to the config source file.
```

Author: Thank you for the review, fixed in https://github.com/bao-project/bao-docs/pull/66/commits/ee5f294a10862f86a68f08fb621c927ba914c069.

Additionally, for each list, it is necessary to specify the list size using the
parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``.

Building Bao Hypervisor
-----------------------
The configuration files for the Bao hypervisor are stored in a designated
folder known as the configuration repository - ``CONFIG_REPO``. By default,
the ``CONFIG_REPO`` is set to the ``configs`` folder located in the top-level
directory of the Bao hypervisor. However, users have the flexibility to specify
a different folder by using the ``CONFIG_REPO`` option in the make command
during the hypervisor building process. For instance, the build command of Bao
follows the nomenclature presented below:

.. code-block:: console

    make -C /path/to/bao-dir\
        PLATFORM=target-platform\
        CONFIG_REPO=/path/to/config\
        CONFIG=config-name\

Considering a configuration named ``config-name``, the configuration naming can
be provided in two formats:

**1. Single C Source File**: Save the configuration as a C source file with \
the name ``config-name.c``.

**2. Directory Format:**: Alternatively, you can organize it as a directory \

> named ``config-name`` and place the C source file within, naming it\

Reviewer 2: why the `\` backslash ?

``config.c``.

In both cases, the build system will search for the configuration in the
specified ``CONFIG_REPO`` using the defined naming convention. This allows
users to seamlessly integrate their custom configurations into the Bao
hypervisor build process.

.. warning::
    Inconsistencies between the specified list sizes (``shmemlist_size`` and \
    ``vmlist_size``, respectively) and the actual sizes of the lists, may \
    result in unpredictable behavior. Ensure that any changes made to the \
    configuration lists' number of elements is reflected in the respective \

>     list size.

Reviewer 2: why the `\` backslash ?

images. The declaration of VM images utilizes the VM_IMAGE macro, requiring an
identifier and the respective path to the image file. In this regard, the
configuration file expects to receive a compiled image of each guest
(``.bin`` file) that will be subsequently assigned to individual VMs using the
``VM_IMAGE`` macro. For instance, the number of VM images declared may vary
between 1 and the count of CPU cores accessible in the target platform, given
that the Bao hypervisor adheres to a 1-1 CPU partitioning policy.

Afterward, the configuration allows the definition of two distinct lists: (i) a
list of shared memory regions (``shmemlist``) and (ii) a list of VMs (or
guests) (``vmlist``). While the list of shared memory regions is optional and
may be omitted from the configuration, the list of VMs is mandatory and must
include at least 1 VM. Additionally, for each list, it is necessary to specify
the list size using the parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``.

Config file name and location
-----------------------------
The configuration file with the ``.c`` extension can be assigned various names.
As part of the Bao hypervisor's build system, it expects to find the

> configuration file in the ``configs`` folder. This means that users need to

Reviewer: I guess that would be part of a `Building Bao Hypervisor` section. But we could mention this as a side nome here. For example:

```
The config name will later be used as part of the Bao build command...
```

And maybe give an example.

> configuration file in the ``configs`` folder. This means that users need to

Author: Addressed in commit #d91a99d

between 1 and the count of CPU cores accessible in the target platform, given
that the Bao hypervisor adheres to a 1-1 CPU partitioning policy.

Afterward, the configuration allows the definition of two distinct lists: (i) a
list of shared memory regions (``shmemlist``) and (ii) a list of VMs (or
guests) (``vmlist``). While the list of shared memory regions is optional and
may be omitted from the configuration, the list of VMs is mandatory and must
include at least 1 VM. Additionally, for each list, it is necessary to specify
the list size using the parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``.

Config file name and location
-----------------------------
The configuration file with the ``.c`` extension can be assigned various names.
As part of the Bao hypervisor's build system, it expects to find the
configuration file in the ``configs`` folder. This means that users need to
place their custom configuration files with the appropriate settings in the
designated ``configs`` directory. The build system then relies on this file to
extract and apply the desired configuration options for the hypervisor.

.. warning::

>     Warning: Modifying the number of elements in the ``shmemlist`` or \

Author: Nice observation. I've addressed this by removing the 'Warning' from the box description. Thanks!

Overview
--------
The Bao hypervisor's configuration is managed through a dedicated configuration
in the form of a C source file. This section provides an in-depth
description of the various configuration options available.

The configuration file follows a specific structure, as outlined below:

.. code-block:: c

    #include <config.h>

    // Load guests' image
    VM_IMAGE(img1_name, "/path/to/vm1/binary.bin");
    VM_IMAGE(img2_name, "/path/to/vm2/binary.bin");

    struct config config = {

>         // Shared memories configuration

Author: Agree, thanks!

        .shmemlist_size = N,
        .shmemlist = (struct shmem[]) {
            [0] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            [1] = {/*shared memory config*/,},
            ...
            [N] = {/*shared memory config*/,}
        },

        // Guests Configuration
        .vmlist_size = NUM_VMs,
        .vmlist = {
            { /* VM 0 Config*/},
            { /* VM 1 Config*/},
            ...
            { /* VM N Config*/},
        }
    };

Before defining the configuration struct, it's crucial to declare the VM
images. The configuration file anticipates receiving a compiled image of each

> guest (.bin file) which will then be allocated to individual VMs using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
guest (``.bin`` file) which will then be allocated to individual VMs using the
```

Author: Nice catch, thanks! Applied the changes.

``VM_IMAGE`` macro. This macro allows for the direct embedding of the guest
binary file into the hypervisor binary file compiled program. Here's an example

> usage of the ``VM_IMAGE``:

Author: Applied the changes in commit #94a87a5

.. code-block:: c

  VM_IMAGE(img_name, "/path/to/VM/binary.bin");

In this context, ``img_name`` is the identifier associated with the image that

> will later be used to describe the image running on the VM - `Guest Image`_.

Author: Addressed in commit #a02d816

> After loading the images, the configuration allows the definition of two
> distinct lists: (i) a list of shared memory regions (``shmemlist``) and (ii) a
> list of VMs (or guests) (``vmlist``). While the list of shared memory regions
> is optional and may be omitted from the configuration, the list of VMs is
> mandatory and must include at least 1 VM. Additionally, for each list, it is
> necessary to specify the list size using the parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and
> ``vmlist_size``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration takes the form of a C struct (``struct config``) defnining name `*config``.
This struct containing two distinct lists: (i) a list of shared memory regions (``shmemlist``) 
and (ii) a list of VMs (``vmlist``). While the list of shared memory regions
is optional and may be omitted from the configuration, the list of VMs is
mandatory and must include at least 1 VM. Additionally, for each list, it is
necessary to specify the list size using the parameters ``shmemlist_size`` and
``vmlist_size``.
```

Author: Addressed in commit #8678de3

> Config file name and location

Reviewer: I think this section is not clear enough and needs to go deeper in the options available.

This are the missing ideas:
    - the build system looks for the configurations in a specific folder which we call "configuration repo";
    - by default the configuration repo is the *configs* folder in the hypervisors top level directory;
    - the configuration repo can be changed by passing a diffent folder using the ``CONFIG_REPO`` option in the make command when building the hypervisor;
    - Considering a config named `config-name` configs can be palced in two forms:
        1) directly a C source file in the form of *config-name.c*
        2) a directory *config-name* with a the C source file *config.c* inside it.

As @danielRep mention in another comment, it would be useful to briefly mention how the *config-name* will be used when building the hypervisor.

Author: Addressed in commit #a02d816

-----------------------------
The configuration file with the ``.c`` extension can be assigned various names.
As part of the Bao hypervisor's build system, it expects to find the
configuration file in the ``configs`` folder. This means that users need to
place their custom configuration files with the appropriate settings in the
designated ``configs`` directory. The build system then relies on this file to
extract and apply the desired configuration options for the hypervisor.

.. warning::

>     Modifying the number of elements in the ``shmemlist`` or \
>     ``vmlist`` lists, which differs from the specified sizes \
>     (``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``, respectively), may result in \
>     unpredictable behavior. Ensure that any changes made to the configuration \
>     are consistent with the designated sizes to avoid unexpected issues.

Reviewer: I would swapo the order of ideas:

```suggestion
    Inconsistences between the specified list sizes \
    (``shmemlist_size`` and ``vmlist_size``, respectively) and the actual sizes of the lists, may result in \
    unpredictable behavior. Ensure that any changes made to the configuration lists' number of elements \
    is reflected in the respective list size.
```

Author: Agree, thanks! Addressed in commit #77e63cf
